I think that will do better for sure in
the next weeks you can't go worse than
0-2
what's the second day of na LCS here in
2018 with coverage presented by Omni /
I'm here with Mike Young from TSM after
an unfortunate 0-2 weekend so Mike I
know obviously this was not what you
hoped to have happened and I think a lot
of fans are our surprise probably by TSM
so start to the year maybe you can kind
of explain from the team side what do
you think is happening well so from the
team we thought that we would have a
slow start but because we started
practicing later and this is a new
roster but we didn't expect it to be as
slow as this so it's a little bit
surprising for us to and I think it's
just like yeah yeah what do you think is
the problem is it you know communication
or meta or just general synergy I mean
what what do you think is holding you
guys back so I think it's really our
read on the meta and that really like
pretty much us for the last two
days and even like the screws before
that we were practicing champions that
were off meta we were trying to be
creative and this weekend we didn't
necessarily play champions that we had
practice so like for example the Shyvana
pick we played like three games of
scrims
in the last two weeks were with that and
we didn't play similar champions and the
other roles as well and then for today
same situations with some of the other
champions and some of the other matchups
but I know that like my coach is feeling
like really down on himself for like his
draft right now he just had a meeting
and he was feeling a little bit down
because he's putting his blame the blame
of losses on himself but personally I
think that everybody had like a pretty
bad part into it where for example me I
could have stood up in draft I could
have stood up while we were in scrims I
think this champion is better I even
like you know me insisting that Shyvana
was good
into in this meta was wrong to do
because it's not it's not good right now
it's games are going really late and so
if you pick an early game team pop and
you make one mistake
and you fall back and you lose of course
a lot of fans will look at Miffy and
Sven and say you know as well as
yourself and sort of say you know are
these guys not a good fit for this team
or you know everybody kind of goes into
panic mode even though it's only the
first two games to the split what would
you say to any fans that are concerned
about the new lineup or if you know is
concerned that this might work out or it
might not work out
I think everybody's concerned even some
of the people right now that are like
insiders like in LCS you for example are
concerned because we didn't have a good
showing and we were ranked as number one
but I think that in this format in the
best woman format as well as since we
started the season short it's still too
early to see and I think that will do
better for sure in the next week so you
can't go worse than zero - yeah you
raise an interesting point do you feel
like TSM might have had a better chance
this weekend if it was the best-of-three
format I definitely think so
because we would recognize our problem
in the first game and the how we played
our picks as well and we would probably
switched it up completely and it would
have been better for the second and
third game because some of the mistakes
that we are making in game as well are
can be easily fixed and we recognize
them immediately it's just that once we
get into that best that game and we
can't really turn it around like for
example today I picked I blind pick
kha'zix into Zack which is favorable for
Zack and Zack is just really good into
xerath and really good into kog'maw Tom
you can't really cancel the Zack jump
and they're immobile carries and then
kha'zix can't do anything to the
backline because they have tarik so I'm
not sure why I insisted to play kha'zix
just a mistake do you feel do you feel
like a lot of pressure on you guys is
there a chance that there's a lot of
pressure getting the team from all the
expectations that the community has and
all the you know the drama of oh there's
a new bot lane or oh there's a new
jungler etc I don't know if I can speak
too much for the team because everybody
has their own thoughts but personally
for me just
having feeling like the weight of the
losses on my previous team it wasn't
nearly as bad when it came to like the
community's reaction so I definitely
have like more eyes on me for sure very
good well hey is there anything that you
want to say to any of the TSM fans or
the community out there at the end of
this interview well thank you guys for
supporting me thank you guys for coming
to take pictures with the TSM guys even
after the disappointing loss I'm sure
that we'll do better next week thank you
so much Mike for the interview great and
I really appreciate by the way how
transparent your being is sort of the
way you're thinking about this stuff
always good to hear from somebody who
can speak so openly after a loss so
thank you so much and for everyone else
you can check out there's my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hope you enjoyed that
interview I certainly did and if you
haven't yet please subscribe because
well and partnership with Omni slash we
got a bunch more interviews coming up
from LCS make sure you don't miss them